Update wording for the main README (#103)
DataDog/dogstatsd-csharp-client: README.md

## Unix domain socket support

> The version 6 (and above) of the Agent accepts packets through a Unix Socket datagram connection. Details about the advantages of using UDS over UDP are available in [Datadog DogStatsD Unix Socket documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/dogstatsd/unix_socket/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version 6 (and above) of the Agent accepts packets through a Unix Socket datagram connection. Details about the advantages of using UDS over UDP are available in the [Datadog DogStatsD Unix Socket documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/dogstatsd/unix_socket/).
```

};
```

The property `StatsdMaxUnixDomainSocketPacketSize` of `StatsdConfig` defines the maximum size of the payload. Values higher than 8196 bytes are ignored.

**The feature is not supported on Windows platform**.
Windows has support for [unix domain socket](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/commandline/af_unix-comes-to-windows/), but not for unix domain socket of type Dgram (`SocketType.Dgram`). 

> On MacOS Mojave, setting more than `2048` bytes for `StatsdMaxUnixDomainSocketPacketSize` is exeperimental.

Reviewer 2: typo `exeperimental`

Author: ```suggestion
On MacOS Mojave, setting more than `2048` bytes for `StatsdMaxUnixDomainSocketPacketSize` is experimental.
```

## Feedback

> To suggest a feature, report a bug, or general discussion, head over [creating a new issue](https://github.com/DataDog/statsd-csharp-client/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To suggest a feature, report a bug, or general discussion, [create a new issue](https://github.com/DataDog/statsd-csharp-client/issues) in the Github repo.
```

## Credits

> `dogstatsd-csharp-client` is forked from Goncalo Pereira's [original Statsd client](https://github.com/goncalopereira/statsd-csharp-client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dogstatsd-csharp-client` is forked from Goncalo Pereira's [original StatsD client](https://github.com/goncalopereira/statsd-csharp-client).
```
